---
layout: default
head:
  title: Karli Sensibello
description: Karli is a frontend developer from Cleveland, Ohio.
title: Home
---

::hero
---
image: /karli/karli-1.jpeg
---
#title
Hey there, I'm Karli.

#description
I'm a **Senior Frontend Developer** in Cleveland, Ohio. I currently work for Progressive's in-house marketing agency, [ninety6](https://www.weareninety6.com/). 
<br><br>
I've been a developer since 2018 and have worked with a wide range of businesses - from small local clients, all the way up to Fortune 100 companies. I strive to create pixel-perfect, interactive, engaging, and accessible digital experiences.
::

I spend a lot of my time designing and coding websites, so that holds a majority of my attention. Here's a non-exhaustive list of other things I also enjoy:
 - **Animals & wildlife conservation**. I grew up loving *The Crocodile Hunter*, so I've always been passionate about animals and protecting wildlife. I currently have a dog (Dexter), a cat (Dwight), a pigeon (Checo), a snake (Mazikeen), and multiple aquariums (both saltwater and freshwater). I also spent a period of time as a volunteer wildlife rehabilitation specialist because I love raccoons but I don't think having one as a pet would be a great idea...
 - **Psychology & other human sciences:** I obtained my degrees in Psychology and Criminology from Cleveland State University in 2017. I'm passionate about learning how the human mind works, especially how the brain processes and translates information. Because of this interest, I've been able to pivot my career and work on more UX-based projects - the perfect overlap of my love for psychology and my love for technology. 
 - **Cars & airplanes**: I grew up around people in my family who were very into cars and racing. Naturally this became something I also loved, and then it translated into loving airplanes too. Automotive and aerospace design / engineering is fascinating to me and if I didn't love my job in tech, I'd probably go back to school and get a degree that would allow me to design cars or airplanes. I'm also a *massive* Formula 1 fan. 
 - **Cleveland**: I love everything about this city. I was born and raised here, and as I get older, I learn more about it and love it even more. I love the sports, the people, the food, and everything it has to offer. When I was young, I dreamed about moving away to NYC or LA, but once I started going to college I realized how much this city offered me and I can't imagine myself being happier anywhere else.

***And just to balance things out, here's a list of things I hate, too:***
 

 - When people stand up as soon as the airplane lands.
 - Those [weird eyelashes](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71IQyxFnpYL.jpg) people can put on their car.
 - People who say they "hate cats"
 

 



::gallery
---
images:
  - /karli/karli-dexter.jpeg
  - /karli/karli-dexter-2.jpeg
---
::
